hey internet friends what is up this
area today I am talking to you about
what a camera equipment I take when I
travel a lot of the comments in the
comment sections of some of my travel
videos are y'all asking me questions
about what camera stuff every my most
recent a big trip was to Greece this
past summer it was a blast it was a lot
of fun I brought my Canon 70d Canon s110
and a GoPro I think as long as you have
like a solid DSLR you are good to go but
if you are doing water stuff like
swimming are going to an ocean cliff
diving a GoPro is fantastic to have
often where I used to go for when I
travel I find myself trying to juggle in
between accessories and it gets kind of
annoying so I have just limited my GoPro
to like water use the Canon s 110 is
just my simple point-and-shoot
it is super cheap I take that places
where I wouldn't want to take my a big
you know DSLR or stuff like that when I
was in Greece and one night you know we
went out and danced and stuff I didn't
want to bring my huge DSLR in my purse
so that's when that s110 came in handy
when I travel I like to keep my lenses
pretty wide I have used that Tokina 11
to 16 millimeter the Canon 16 to 35
millimeter f/4 l with is and then the
Canon 35 millimeter f2 with is I do a
hybrid of photo and video so I am
constantly shooting handheld video so
it's why I like to keep it wide and also
helps to have image stabilization inside
my lenses now if you were to ask Sarah
what is like one lens that like does it
all I don't want to you know bring a lot
of gear with me I would have to say the
Canon 35 millimeter
f2 is is like veal ends to bring it does
fabulous and low light because it has a
f/2 aperture and it has image
stabilization and it's just a beautiful
engine it takes beautiful pictures in
amazing video usually what I'm about on
vacation I just stick my cameras inside
a purse or just a normal backpack that
I'm carrying but sometimes if I have
more gear I will use my like DSLR
backpacks I've actually made a video on
that if you want to check that out later
but my two main camera backpacks are the
polar stuff excursion pack with a camera
insert and then the Langly decoy it is
spring break week for me so I am going
out of town that's why I thought this
would be a fun video to make this week
I'm actually going to Tennessee to
Nashville to film some cool stuff that I
will tell you about later on in this
video but right now I'm going to kind of
show you what I'm bringing to Nashville
this trips gonna be a lot of fun but
it's not necessarily like just a fun
show location I am actually going there
with a purpose so I'm gonna be filming a
lot of interviews and b-roll stuff so I
am bringing a lot of gear like a lot of
gear my main two cameras are the
Blackmagic pocket Cinema Camera with a
meadow bones EF speed booster and then
my second camera is the Canon 7d b4
audio I'm going to be using the ntg-2
condenser mic plugged in to a preamp
from blinking what it's called the
preamp that's called useless so I'm
taking the ntg-2 to the juicedlink
and then I'm gonna run it directly into
the camera I'm also gonna have just some
backup audio like a normal loved mic
plugged in to
a test cam dr8 and then I'll have a rode
videomic pro for just some backup audio
but i'll plug directly into the other
camera someone's thought I'm going to be
using our Canon 15 millimeter at one
point to the Canon 16 or 35 millimeter
at for the Canon 35 millimeter f/2 and
then the pancake lens the Canon 48
military and of course I'm going to
bring lots of batteries and some support
equipment like my Manfredo a tripod with
ballhead I love this tripod so much it
comes in handy because it has a pinball
head where you can level out your
Cameron I also have like a second tripod
it's just a man proto travel tripod I
have a new slider that I'm going to be
testing out so konova k2 30 centimeter
slider so I'm excited to test that out I
think that's about it I'm super excited
to be going down to Nashville I am
filming something that is coming to this
channel soon I'll tell you all a little
bit about it it is gonna be called
creative spaces TV it's gonna be
showcasing some amazing creatives
whether they're graphic designers
filmmakers photographers anything really
under the Sun it's gonna really show you
their creative space and where they do
their work and it'll shed a little bit
of light on their workflow and maybe the
gear that I use what inspires them so
I'm really really excited about this I'm
stay tuned hit that subscribe button and
follow me on Twitter and Instagram for
some more updates in the future creative
spaces TV actually has its own Instagram
as well so I will link that down
so keep your eye out for I think I'm
going to start posting these videos kind
of mid or late summer and I'm really
excited about it my camera setup is
probably gonna be changing a little bit
in the coming months as well so I'll
probably do like a legit more in detail
what's in my camera bag in the future
but for now thank you for watching this
video I hope you enjoyed it hit that
subscribe button social media links are
down below and I will see y'all in the
next video thanks guys bye